[Narrator] Last
Dragon Ball Z Kai...
The Cell Games intensified.
Now, the entire planet
is our ring...
We fight to the end, until one
of us is down for the count.
[Narrator]
Despite his mightiest efforts
to bring the battle to a close,
not even Goku's
full-power Kamehameha
succeeded in slowing down Cell.
Now, undaunted, Goku
continues to hurl himself
at the monster with
everything he's got!
But will it be enough?
♪ Opening Song ♪
[Goku grunts furiously]
[Cell braces]
That's the way!
Keep at 'im, Goku!
You're one step away from
putting this creep to bed!
[Goku] Ya! Ya! Ya!
[Cell screams]
[Goku grunts furiously]
He's there! He's gonna
win this thing!
Finish him, Goku!
He's doing it!!!
[Vegeta seethes]
Almost there...
Dad... c'mon...
[Goku grunts furiously]
[Cell groans]
[Cell yells]
[Krillin braces]
[Goku breathes heavily]
[Cell breathes heavily]
Far be it for me to deny credit
where credit is deserved, Goku.
That was quite impressive.
You backed me into
a bubble, so to speak.
[Crowd chatters]
That was... awesomeness!
Eh... I don't know what
I just saw, but...
it was somethin', alright.
Is this, like, a movie...?
Hey, momma... What are
we all looking at?
I'm telling you, Harold,
that's the ragamuffin
Chichi went and got
herself married to
all those years ago...
Remember? She said
he was going through
some kind of mid-life
crisis and dying his hair.
Ah! Yeah...
I think you're right...
Frosted tips or not, there's
no mistaking that getup.
[Chichi sneezes]
[Chichi] Great! Now
somebody's talking about me!
Ooh...
Hang in there, sweetheart!
We're depending
on you to win it!
[Bulma] No, no, no! He was
so close! This is torture!
I don't know if
he was that close...
[Bulma] Huh?
Keep in mind, Cell appeared
to be on the brink,
but just look at him now.
He's still got quite a bit
of latitude, a sight
more than Goku.
Huh? So what does that mean?
I hate to say this, but I think
our boy's met his match...
Judging by his attitude,
I suspect he plunged into this
knowing it was a fight
he couldn't win.
[Bulma] Ah?!
The question is... Why?
[Goku breathes heavily]
[Cell breathes heavily]
[Cell] Am I imagining things,
or did your power level
just drop like a stone?
I suggest you eat one
of those little beans...
The last thing we want is for
the festivities to get dull.
[Goku breathes heavily]
[Trunks] This is our chance!
Quick, toss Goku a senzu bean!
Once he's back to full
strength, we can all jump in
and attack together!
Cell won't stand a chance!
Hey, yeah! That's a great idea!
C'mon, it's our best shot.
What are you waiting for?
Throw Goku a senzu bean--
[Vegeta] That's enough, Trunks!
You spit on your
Saiyan heritage!
Kakarot has neither asked
for your assistance,
nor does he want it!
Win or lose, this is his
battle and his alone!
Do you honestly think
his efforts have anything
to do with "saving the
world" at this point?
The only thing he's
fighting for is pride.
But he won't be... He won't
be able to keep this up.
No question about it...
He's not going to win.
[all shudder]
[Krillin grunts]
Gah! It's an agony
to admit this, but...
For all I've pushed
myself to come
within striking distance
of Kakarot's power,
he's surpassed me
at every single turn.
He has a gift... And still,
Cell exceeds even his power!
To him, that gift is a toy!
And you think we should
just stand here and watch?!
Do nothing while Goku loses?
Settle down. You yourself
suggested that Kakarot
must have some grand
strategy up his sleeve...
Now we wait, and
hope you're right.
[Trunks] Goku... Whatever
you've got planned,
now's the time to spring it.
[Goku breathes heavily]
[Cell chuckles]
[Cell] What's the issue?
Does your pride not care
for the taste of magical beans?
[Goku breathes heavily]
Your little display
now did cost me
a considerable
amount of strength...
and slim as your chances
of defeating me are,
restoring yourself
to full power
would at least keep
things interesting.
[Goku breathes heavily]
If I can't enjoy myself,
all of this will have
been for nothing.
Now ratchet up your power
level and come to me!
[Goku breathes heavily]
[Goku chuckles]
[Cell] Hm?
[Vegeta and Krillin gasp]
[Gohan gasps]
[Goku] I'm done.
Let's call it here...
Now that I've sized
up your strength,
it's pretty obvious
that I can't win...
I'm throwing in the towel.
[Cell ] Hmm?!
You... You what?!
He's giving up?!
You can't mean it!
But... he's never turned
his back on a match!
Impossible! This
is not happening!
What kind of cheap stunt does
he think he's trying to pull?!
No... You can't quit...
The guy who's never backed
down from anything
in his life is suddenly
calling it a day?!
[Cell seethes]
He's serious.
He is... I don't believe it.
[Gohan gasps]
You're calling it
quits? Pathetic...
You mean to end this fight
before it's barely even begun?
Pretty much... Victory
goes to you, Cell.
I can't hear a thing from here;
what did he just say?
If I heard him right...
then I think the guy in
orange is giving up...
Well, Goku-- I hope
you're prepared
to accept the consequences
of your actions...
Yep!
[Cell] You can quit if you want,
but if there's no one
else to challenge me,
I'm going to reduce
this planet to rubble!
The entire human race,
wiped from existence!
[Goku] Not so fast, Cell!
I may be giving up,
but that doesn't mean
the tournament's over!
There's still one fighter left!
You're not serious...
And tell me exactly which
of these pitiful specimens
you had in mind
to face me, Goku.
Maybe Trunks, Piccolo or Vegeta?
Please, don't waste my time!
Aaaaand the moment
has arrived!
Round 2 between
Cell and Hercule!
[Hercule] Hmm?!
Hmm...
You're clearly rested
and raring to go.
Any comments on the
can of smack-down
you're about to open?
Oooh! Tell us, boss!
What are you going to do?
Show him who the real boss is!
[Hercule] Uhh...
Well, the first
thing I'll do...
is plant my foot right up
that monster's backside!!
[pupils cheer and laugh]
[Hercule cries out in pain]
Uh... What is it, champ?
It's my stomach! Ohh!
Just give me a minute
here, people...
I'm gonna grind that
scrawny wannabe Cell in--
into the dust! Ohh, I--
but-- but the pain!!
[Hercule groans]
[Announcer] Uh...
Tell you what, as long
as you're ready,
I'll go ahead and pick your
next challenger for you.
So you seriously intend
to go through with this...
[Vegeta] Has Kakarot
lost his mind...?!
None of us is a match for Cell!
One way or another,
I can promise...
this next round's
gonna be the last.
If my pick loses,
then nobody else here
can defeat you. Period.
But now that I've
gauged your power,
I'm one-hundred-percent certain
he's gonna win. No contest.
What's that?
That's why I figure I
might as well step aside
and let him be the
one to finish this.
This makes no sense...
You're suggesting
whoever this person is
outshines even you
in raw power?
Yeah.
[Cell laughs]
[Cell] Ridiculous!
Even if it were true,
he'd have to be ten
times stronger than you
to make a difference!
[Goku] Well, I think
you'd be surprised.
[Cell] Oh, then by
all means, surprise me!
What is this great
warrior's name?
Sounds like he's about to
pick the next challenger...
Okay...
[Hercule] Ah, this is bad...
He's gonna say me,
I just know it...
Uh, hey, listen...
Go tell this guy I'm not
ready... Say the raw eggs
I had with breakfast
this morning were bad.
Time for you to
take over... Gohan.
[Gohan, Krillin
and Trunks gasp]
He's insane!
[Piccolo] No! That fool!
No way Gohan's up for
this, and he knows it!
You're joking...
Of all the fighters you
might have chosen...
That's the one you go with...
Alright... I don't know who,
but he just told
someone to "go on."
[Announcer] Ah...?
The entire world is waiting to
hear him name the next fighter,
and all he can think of
to say is "Go on"...?
My sincere apologies to
all our viewers at home.
[Chichi] Has he
completely lost his mind?!
Goku! If you think
I'm gonna let you
put my little boy
near that monster,
you've got a nasty surprise
in store for you, mister!
[Ox King] Calm down,
you're going to hurt--
[Gohan gasps, shudders]
[Gohan gasps]
You're up for this... right?
Me? Take him on? I don't...
[Piccolo] This is
madness, Goku!
There's no way the boy can win!
I'll admit, Gohan's
abilities are far beyond
what they used to be...
But you're pitting him
up against a foe even
you couldn't beat!
Listen... You have to trust me.
Gohan has a power
within him that's greater
than anything you could
possibly imagine.
Just think about it
for a second...
He's been fighting alongside
us ever since he was little...
against some of the
toughest enemies around!
I remember what I was like
back when I was his age...
I wasn't half as strong--
not even close.
Hey... c'mon, man...
It's great that he's
already a Super Saiyan,
but what you're
askin', it's, uh...
it's kind of a
tall order... right?
I realize it's
a big challenge...
But you didn't see what I
saw when we were training
in the Hyperbolic Time
Chamber. He's ready.
What do you think?
You see Cell hit me
with anything you
couldn't handle?
You see me go at him with
anything you don't have?
Well... I don't
think so, no...
But you were both
holding back, right?
I'm sure it'd be a lot different
if you were going all out.
[Goku chuckles lightly]
Now I don't know
about Cell, but...
I was giving it
everything I had!
You thought I was holding back,
because the whole time,
you were gauging my
energy against your own!
Gohan, answer me.
Is this true?
Yeah.
Vegeta] What?! That battle...?
That had the rest of us
standing here in awe...
And this boy
thought nothing of it?!
[Cell] Hm.
[Goku exhales]
Alright, whaddya say?
I need you to go out there
and win this one for us, okay?
Then we can all go home.
Okay, Dad... I'll do it.
[Piccolo sighs angrily]
Eh... Gohan...
[Vegeta seethes]
[Gohan grunts]
Ah! Looks like the next
challenger has taken the field!
And it astounds me to
report this brave warrior
seems to be little
more than a child!
"Brave Warrior"?!
No way, that kid's just
a waterboy or somethin'!
Uh...
[Hercule groans in pain]
Now that you mention it...
it would only make sense
for Cell to pause for a bit of
refreshment between rounds...
Which means the
wait continues...!
The next fighter will
appear after a water break!
Ugh... Risky move, fellas...
I don't think Gohan's
improved enough
to take on someone like Cell.
Krillin... I think I'll
take a senzu bean now...
Still got any on you?
Uh... Yeah.
[Goku] Thanks.
Hey, Cell!
[Krillin shrieks]
It's called a senzu
bean... Eat up.
Gah! Is your brain
on vacation...?!
Why in the world
would you do that?!
[Goku] Hey, take it easy...
Cell's used up a
lot of his energy...
It's only fair to
let him fight Gohan
at full strength,
don'tcha think?
What... Do you hear
yourself talk?!
I don't think now's the time
to make a point of fair play!
[Cell chuckles]
Incredible... With
everything at stake...
you still can't
help but be a slave
to your better
nature. Sickening.
All the same, I gladly accept
this token of
"good sportsmanship."
But mark my words! I'll see
to it you regret the gesture.
[Cell chuckles]
[Cell chews and swallows]
[Cell grunts, yells]
Oh, no...!
Thank you, Goku...
That has a little kick to it!
'Kay... That was officially
a bad idea! So bad!
Yeah. That was
just reckless, Goku!
By every standard of the word!
[Gohan grunts, yells]
[Gohan yells]
Is that really Gohan?
[Vegeta gasps]
[Krillin and Trunks gasp]
[Piccolo, 16
and Vegeta gasp]
I... I don't believe my eyes...
It's like he's become a
whole different person...
No! How is this happening?
How does a miserable
little brat like him
get so strong so quickly?!
Apparently Goku wasn't
overselling your abilities
nearly as much as I'd
assumed... Still though,
he did go a bit far
singing your praises...
I'm afraid winning's
not in the cards, kid.
You're really up
for this, huh?
Well, best of luck
to you, then...
This is going to hurt
a great deal, Gohan.
But I'm not without kindness;
I'll be sure the pain
only lasts a second.
[Cell grunts]
[Cell shouts]
That's it! Come on!
[Vegeta and Piccolo groan]
Watch it... Careful...
Gohan...
[Tien and Yamcha gasp]
Spry little runt, aren't you?
Now then, let's see
how you maneuver
against my true speed!
[Gohan grunts
repeatedly in pain]
[Chichi] Gohan, no!
Somebody get him out of there!
Please! Gohan!
What was the
point of all this?
G-Goku! What do we...?
[Cell yells]
Do something!
You're just gonna
stand there?! Hey!
[Gohan grunts]
[Piccolo and Vegeta grunt]
[Yamcha and Krillin shudder]
[Narrator] As Goku's
placement in the Cell Games,
Gohan faces the
fight of his life...
Can he succeed? Find out,
next Dragon Ball Z Kai!
♪ Closing Song ♪
Hey! It's me, Goku!
Get angry, Gohan!
at's what's going to pull
u through! Bare those teeth!
Gohan] I don't want to get
ngry, Dad! I'm not like you!
[Piccolo] Goku, come on!
You can't just tell
the boy how to feel!
Get in there and do
something, please!
[Goku] Not going to happen,
Piccolo. Try to understand.
Next time, on
Dragon Ball Z Kai:
trust me, if there was
another to win, I'd do it...